[HOPSWORKS-2995] Add job configuration documentation (#1028)
logicalclocks/hopsworks: docs/compute/jobs.md

  </figure>
</p>

If you are creating the job programmatically, the following JSON is an example job configuration for a PYSPARK job:

=== "sparkJobConfiguration.json"
    ```json
    {
        "type": "sparkJobConfiguration",

>         "amQueue": "default", // This is the YARN queue to submit the SparkJob too, we only have "default" and it should be set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "amQueue": "default", // Should be set to "default", represents name of YARN queue
```

>         "amMemory": 2048,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "amMemory": 2048, // Memory in megabytes to configure for Spark driver
```

>         "amVCores": 1,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "amVCores": 1, // Virtual cores to configure for Spark driver
```

        "jobType": "PYSPARK",

>         "appPath": "hdfs:///Projects/{PROJECT_NAME}/{DATASET_NAME}/{APP_FILE}", // If .py or .ipynb it's a PYSPARK job, if it's a .jar then SPARK job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "appPath": "hdfs:///Projects/{PROJECT_NAME}/{DATASET_NAME}/{APP_FILE}", // Path for application to run, supported files are .jar, .py or .ipynb
```

        "mainClass": "org.apache.spark.deploy.PythonRunner", // Must be set to "org.apache.spark.deploy.PythonRunner" for PYSPARK jobs, otherwise Main class of configured jar to run.
        "spark.executor.instances": 1,
        "spark.executor.cores": 1,
        "spark.executor.memory": 2048,
        "spark.executor.gpus": 0,
        "spark.tensorflow.num.ps": 1,
        "spark.dynamicAllocation.enabled": true,
        "spark.dynamicAllocation.minExecutors": 0,
        "spark.dynamicAllocation.maxExecutors": 1,
        "spark.dynamicAllocation.initialExecutors": 0,
        "spark.blacklist.enabled": false,

>         "properties": "", // This is a new-line separated entry of like "spark.yarn.appMasterEnv.envvar=value\nspark.yarn.appMasterEnv.envvar1=value2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "properties": "", // New-line separated entry such as "spark.yarn.appMasterEnv.envvar=value\nspark.yarn.appMasterEnv.envvar1=value2"
```

>         "spark.yarn.dist.pyFiles": "hdfs:///Projects/{PROJECT_NAME}/{DATASET_NAME}/{DEPENDENCY}", // Format is comma separated string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "spark.yarn.dist.pyFiles": "hdfs:///Projects/{PROJECT_NAME}/{DATASET_NAME}/{DEPENDENCY}", // Comma-separated string of paths to .py files
```

>         "spark.yarn.dist.files": "", // Format is comma separated string, accepts any files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "spark.yarn.dist.files": "", // // Comma-separated string of paths to additional application files
```

        "spark.yarn.dist.jars": "", // Format is comma separated string, use this to add jars to the job

>         "spark.yarn.dist.archives": "", // Format is comma separated string, use this for archives only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "spark.yarn.dist.archives": "", // Comma-separated string of paths to archives that should be added and extracted
```

>         "appName": "{JOB_NAME}",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "appName":"ExampleJob", // Name of the job
```

  </figure>
</p>

If you are creating the job programmatically, the following JSON is an example job configuration for a PYTHON job.

=== "pythonJobConfiguration.json"
    ```json
    {
        "type": "pythonJobConfiguration",
        "appPath": "hdfs:///Projects/{PROJECT_NAME}/{DATASET_NAME}/{APP_FILE}",

>         "files": "hdfs:///Projects/{PROJECT_NAME}/{DATASET_NAME}/{EXTRA_FILES}", // Format is comma separated string, accepts any files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "files": "", // Comma-separated string of paths to additional application files
```

        "resourceConfig": {
            "type": "dockerResourcesConfiguration",

>             "cores": 1,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "cores": 1, // Virtual cores to allocate for the application
```

>             "memory": 1024,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "memory": 1024, // Memory in megabytes to allocate for the application
```

>             "gpus": 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "gpus": 0 // GPUs to allocate for the application
```

        },
        "logRedirection": true,

>         "appName": "{JOB_NAME}",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "appName": "{JOB_NAME}", // Name of the job
```
